Previously onSWAT...Made an aggressive lane change
back there.
Pop the trunk.
Officer, you can't check my car
without probable cause.
Just pop your trunk.
That fool had the nerve to act
like I was the one making it
about race.
And?And...
Didn't you learn anything
while you were on the team?
If it were up to me,
you would not be in the academy.
You had your spot,
and you threw it away.
We both agree
we want you back
on SWAT on a probationary basis.
[laughs] Really?Yes.
KIRA: There's something
that I need to be honest
with you about.
I do have a fiancé,
and we've been looking
for a new third to complete us.
I'm not into being a prop
for other people's fantasies.
It's about so much more
than sex for us.
We're interested
in a real partner.
Nia, listen, uh...
I called the hotel in Tucson to
take care of those damages,
but they told me you
had already covered it.
Look, I'm the one who put
that lamp in the wall,
so there's no way I'm gonna
let you pay for my behavior.
Angry as you were, it could've
been more than just a lamp.
Yeah, I guess, but...
that's not who I am, Nia.
That's not the way
my mama raised me.
I just wanted to let you know
that I took care of it, so...
we can stop talking about it.
I'm not the one who started
this conversation.
But if you ask me...
you needed it.
And you can stop thinking
about it all you want.
Doesn't make it go away.
I'll keep that in mind.
Hey, you.
Hey.
I thought I was early.
I was in a hurry to see you.
We saw each other
just last night.I know.
I think I remember
how you like it. The coffee.
Perfect.
[chuckles softly]
So, where's Ty?
It's been a couple
weeks since it's been
just the two of us.
That's on purpose, actually.
I thought
you'd know enough
about Ty and us by now
to know if you wanted
to date us for real.
If Ty's the issue,
I want you to feel
comfortable saying that.No.
Ty's great, and I totally get
why you're marrying him.
I understand the...
polyamorous thing
a lot better now.
I'm open to the idea.
But...?
I can't believe I'm saying this,
but I'm actually worried
about what people will think.
They'll think you refuse
to let societal norms keep you
from a fulfilling relationship.They'll definitely
not be thinking that.
Look, Chris,
you're the only one
I can see us being with.
But if you're not comfortable
with it now,
do you think you ever will be?
[indistinct chatter]
JESSICA: So, this girl made
a million dollars last year?
$1.3 million.Just talking about
herself online?
Without any kind of real talent?
Well, when you say it like that,
it makes it sound silly.
It sounds silly no
matter how you say it.
So, this girl...
Tiffany. She's the most
inspiring lifestyle vlogger
on the Internet.Inspiring?
She videos herself
trying on new outfits.
And now she's famous,
and everyone loves her.
There's worse ways
of making a living.
Please tell me
you're gonna go to college.
I think I'd be good at it.
There's a girl that has
20,000 followers at my school,
and I'm better than her.
Does my sister know
about this plan of yours?
Thanks for getting up
at 4:00 a.m. for this.
How else am I gonna maintain
my status as the cool aunt?
[microphone feedback screeches]WOMAN:
Hello, everybody!
[cheering]
So, uh,
Tiffany is still running
a little late.
GIRL: What?She's on her way, I promise.
But how would you like
to video chat
with my favorite little sister
right now?
[cheering]
My people.
Y'all enjoying my house?
Mi casa, your casa.
Someone needs to
teach her Spanish.
Oh, and JD's here, too.
What up, experiencers?
[chuckles]
I'm so sorry I'm late.
I'm sure Sarah told you
that I was in San Diego
visiting a fan,
just like you guys.
Love you guys!
Her name's Kourtney,
and she's in the hospital.
She's real sick.
We went down there and filmed
a video with Kourtney,
and you'll never believe where
I got this hat I'm wearing.
That's in the video, too,
and we'll post that tomorrow,
so look for it.
One day I'm gonna be riding
back and forth in a helicopter,
but until then I'm stuck
on the 405 like everybody else.
Love you guys![cheering]
She's so great.
[gunshots]
[screaming]
LAPD! Everyone out
through the back!
Keep going.
You, come here.
You guys, go.
Okay, it's okay. I'll call 911.Tell them
Captain Cortez is here,
tell them what I'm wearing,
and tell them I'm armed.Okay, come on.
[gunshots continue]
[woman screams]
JESSICA:
Police!
Put down your weapon!
Unis and EMTs
are at the scene, but we can't
get those gunshot victims
out of there
until we clear the shooters.
Couple blocks out.
Any word on the
captain and her niece?
Amy's good. But Cortez
is the only one
in that backyard helping
those injured people.
There could be
more people trapped
inside the house
with the shooters.
What the hell was that, Luca?
I just hit somebody.
You okay?All right, Luca,
you know how this works.
You stay, the truck stays.
Rest of us, let's go.Easy.
Not your fault, man.
Yeah, I know that.You broke my arm.
Deac, I got Chris.
We'll take the two side.
You guys got the one.
I told you this was a bad idea.
Stop talking like that.
Deac, you're in position?
Ready to go.HONDO:
Going in the east side door,
so watch your crossfire.
Wait on my mark.
DEACON:
Roger that.
Metro SWAT!
Drop your weapon!
You got him, Chris?Yep. Down!
Upstairs clear.DEACON:
We're Code 4.
All clear
for paramedics to enter.
I got him, Cap.
Captain, we got him.
We're good.
♪
Tiffany was not present
and was not involved.
Right, yes. Uh,
I'll call you back.
How is your daughter?
My niece.
She's really shaken up.
[sighs] Metal detectors
and bag searches from now on.
Drugs and guns
aren't what Tiffany's about.
Where is this Tiffany?
We need to speak to her.
What about? I thought this was
between rival drug dealers.
Well, it looks like it could be,
but this is your sister's house,
and we have to consider
all possibilities.
And I can imagine
she gets her share of threats.
The weirdo files.
We have records on anyone
who's ever posted
a troubling comment
on one of Tiff's vlogs.
We call it the weirdo files.
All right, I need you
to send those over to us,
but I still need to talk
to Tiffany.
She should be landing
at LAX any minute now.
Wait, I thought
she was on the 405
on her way back
from visiting that sick fan?
She was. Two days ago.
And then she went to Vegas,
and then she missed her flight
'cause I wasn't there
to make sure she was on it.
And she was gonna be
three hours late
to an event people stood
in line for all morning.
What happened
to being all about the fans?
Look, I-I know
it's not a good excuse,
but she's
a 21-year-old millionaire.
She can be a bit scattered.
All right,
I want you to hold tight.
I'm gonna have
one of my guys go with you
to pick up Tiffany
at the airport.Yeah.
[sighs]
What's the damage on the kid?
Broken arm, broken collarbone,
possibly some ribs.
They took him to the hospital.Damn, Luca.
I got to write you up a ticket?
Nah, he came out
from behind the bushes.
There's no way
I could've seen him.
I-I mean, I don't know how
he didn't hear us coming.
It's not like Black Betty's
got a stealth mode.
What's his story?
He told the EMTs he was already
in the street running to his car
when we took the
corner too fast.
Yeah. I don't know if he's lying
or got a bad memory,
but that's not how it went down.All right, well,
let the guys in ties
sort it out. Right now we got
a shooter on the loose.
Now, it sounds like it
might be a drug beef,
but we got to cover
all our bases.
I need someone
to go over the files
that Sarah's about to send us
on potential Tiffany stalkers.
Yeah, I'm on it.HONDO:
All right.
See if Wendy's got any insight.
She'll know what to look for
psychologically better than us.
Someone must have gotten
the shooter on camera
with all the phones.
I'll take that, too. I'll see
what I can find on social media.
Save some for the rest
of us, hero.
No, I'll-I'll be stuck at HQ
working with Wendy, anyway.
I might as well do
it while I'm there.
Well, let me know what you find.
Okay.
Hey.
You all right?
My niece could have gotten shot
on my watch.
But she didn't
because you were there.
I'll be all right
when we catch the third shooter.
Self-defense?
Swear to God.DEACON:
You know,
there are only
a couple hundred active
concealed carry permits
in L.A. County.
I seriously doubt
that your name's
on any one of them,
which means you shouldn't have
been packing to begin with.
If we hadn't been, we'd be dead.
Dude came at us.
Rival dealer?
Your friend's bag
had enough Molly
for a party twice that size.
I don't know what Larry did
or didn't have in his bag.
I was there
for the "Tiffany Experience."
Illegal guns a big part of that?
Hey, it's that other dude's
bullets that hit those kids.
You're forgetting about the kid
you hit when you shot at me.
Number one, that was Larry.
And number two, he thought
you were with the other dude.
So, who was this guy?
Why was he shooting at you?I don't know him.
Me and Larry were
in this back hallway
talking to some other
Tiffany fans.
We see someone come out
of Tiffany's bedroom,
which was off-limits,
so we assumed
it must be security
or something, but it's not.
How did you know
it was her bedroom?
Like I told you, I'm a fan.
Anyway, this guy's
got a gun under his jacket,
his hand's on the gun, and he's
coming our way with this
weird-ass look in his eyes.
Assumed he was gonna try
and rip us off.
That's just when
everything just
got out of hand.
I think maybe Kira's right.
I need
to decide if this relationship
is something I want or not.
I can't string them along
forever.
And what's her fiancé like?
Is he a good-looking guy?
Looks aren't everything.
Ah, so I got nothing
to worry about?
Hmm.
He's a little on the dorky side,
don't you think?
CHRIS:
If you mean ruggedly sexy,
then, yeah, sure.
What about there?
Ah.
So far, they all just
cut out
or just start shaking like crazy
as soon as the shooting starts.
You seem to be taking
on a lot lately.
No, I'm good.
Back to your love life.
What's, uh, ruggedly dorky
guy's name again? Chuck?
Ty. I would never date
a guy named Chuck.
LUCA:
Ty, huh?
What happened to
that girl Kira, man?
A few weeks ago, she's
all you could talk about.
Actually, Ty is Kira's fiancé.
They want me to...
...be the third
in a...
polyamorous relationship.
Whoa. Wait, wait.
What?! Like...
Like a sister-wives,
not-allowed-to-cut-your-hair
kind of thing?
No. This isn't a guy
looking for a fantasy.
I would be in a relationship
with the both of 'em...
...equally.
It's complicated.
So, uh, back to our case.
[clears throat]
The, uh, dealer says that
the shooter was snooping
around Tiffany's bedroom,
so it's looking more and more
like he was after
Tiffany and not the drugs.
Just heard back from Tan.
Airport pickup went smoothly.
And, uh,
they're back at the condo now.
Wait. She's got a condo
and a house?
I get shot at once a week,
I'm surfing couch to couch.
Are we ever gonna talk to
Tiffany, see what she knows?
Yeah. That's the plan. Street,
you keep searching these videos.
And Hondo wants everyone else
with him.
You know,
if this is about Tiffany,
a couple of us are gonna
have to stay on her.
Not it.
Luca?Yes, sir?
I need a word.What's up?
That kid you hit in Black
Betty says he's gonna sue.
So? We get sued
all the time.
Well...
It's just another loser trying
to win the LAPD lottery.
Yeah, well, until we settle this
to the chief's satisfaction,
your official driving
privileges are suspended.
Are you kidding me?!I wish I was.
Look, I apologize for the
outburst, sir, but I've never
heard of this happening
short of a DUI.
HONDO:
I think the word
you're looking for,
Luca, is unprecedented.Well, it's not
about the lawsuit.
This kid you hit--
he's apparently dating
the mayor's daughter.
So this is coming
from the mayor's office?
It's coming from the chief.Who's looking to score points
with the mayor,
it sounds like.
Well, look,
I'm sorry, Luca.
With these budget cuts
breathing down my neck,
I can't push back as
hard as I normally would.
But you got my word, I'm gonna
expedite this personally.
It could be weeks, months,
driving shotgun.
It could just be hours, Luca.
Right. We got a job
to do, I know.
All right, Chris,
you got the wheel.
It just sounds wrong.
All right, here.
Haven't been in a
vehicle I wasn't driving
in I can't even
remember how long.
[engine starts]
Yeah. It was the scariest thing
that ever happened to me.
It was scary for me, too.
I wasn't there,
but what if I had been?
But in a weird way, this
brings us closer as sisters.
[door closes]Ugh.
Don't worry. We'll
just edit it out.
We should reshoot it.
Both of you are so low energy.
Well, I've had
a tough morning.
[ringtone playing]
It's Tristan.
He must have heard.
It's been nonstop since
we got her from the airport.
[laughs]
Babe!
Oh, Lord. I just woke up.And I was the first
person you call?
Don't be jealous because
it won't do you any good.
Can she do that later?Probably. Tristan's got
a pretty tight schedule, though.
Tight schedule? Didn't she
just say he's her boyfriend?Oh, they're not actually dating.
It's just for the videos.
They're cross-pollinating
each other's followers.
Isn't Tristan the vlogger
who does the... What is it?
The daily goof.Yeah. He plays these
elaborate pranks
on his friends.[clears throat]
Uh-oh. No-fun Sarah
says I have to wrap it up.
Guess some things never change.
But I promise...
Hey, Tristan,
I hear you like pranks.
[sighs] Yeah?Well, here's one for you.
Excuse me?
Tiffany, my name is
Sergeant Harrelson.
I want to ask you
some questions
about one of the guys who
shot up your place this morning.
I thought it was
for sure about drugs.It might be,
but the shooter who got away
may have been targeting you.
So we might have to put you
in protective custody.
Oh, God. That
sounds restrictive.
So, you're saying
I'm in danger?
Hey. Hey, how about
we turn that thing off?Oh, we're not live-streaming.
We'll edit it into the video
I just did. But don't worry.
We'll make you guys look
so badass. JD's a wizard.
I saw that look
on your face earlier.
About the Ty and Kira thing.
What kind of look?
Let's just say I-I got
a sneak peek at how my aunts
and uncles are gonna react.
[scoffs] Come on,
I'm not that old.
But you disapprove, right?
You think it's...
immoral or something?
It's your business,
it's not mine.
Come on, just
give me a real answer.
You know me.
I can take it.
Probably think
I'm gonna do whatever I want,
and you're right.
That doesn't mean
I don't respect your opinion.
You want to know
if I disapprove?
If your daughter
brought home a couple,
how would you feel about that?
[sighs]
Honestly?
I'd be worried for her.
That couple is
in a relationship
that predates you.
They're getting married,
and you're not part
of that marriage,
no matter how they try
to sell it to you.
I think you're setting yourself
up for heartache.
A hundred feet
to your two o'clock.
Stay casual.
He's watching.
Fits the captain's
description of the shooter.
Hondo, we got a guy
across the street
that looks
like our shooter.
Roger that, Deac.Look, everybody
get on the ground.
Stay away from the window,
all right?What's going on?
What's happening?For God's sake,
Tiff, just get down.
I can go around the building,
make the block
and get behind him.
No. Seeing you leave
might spook him, Chris.
Tan, get unis
to surround the block.
Luca... Hey, I said
turn that thing off!
He's on the move.
He's on the run.
We're in pursuit.
[tires squealing]
I'm with you, Deac!I got the door.
He's got a gun.
[door squeaks open]
LAPD!
Come out of the house.
Did you see a guy with
a gun run through here?
DEACON: All right,
go back inside.
Stay away from the doors
and the windows.
Hondo, check it out.
He must've dropped it
on the way over.
That's a .45, just like
the shooter this morning.
Coming after her twice
in three hours. He's motivated.
More like obsessed. He's not
gonna stop until we stop him.
Guys, if the worst happens--
I don't want to say it even--
but I want you to know
it was worth it for all of you.
Are those your
feet or Luca's?
You kidding? Luca's feet would
take up the whole frame.
[sighs]
I think I just got dumber.
I can't believe this is the
world my kids are growing up in.
I told them
to turn that damn camera off.
Videos like that'll probably
encourage this guy.
All right, so who's babysitting
our little princess?
Not it.Hey, I had her
all morning.
[scoffs]
Hey.
What's up, man?
Want to talk about it?
You're starting
to sound like Dr. Wendy.
[chuckles]
What, are you afraid
they're gonna say that
accident was your fault?
No, it's not that exactly.
It's just...
Look, driving has been
such a big part of my life
since before SWAT, even.
I mean, until today,
I'd never even hit a squirrel.
I had a perfect driving record.
Luca, you can't be perfect
all the time.
Yeah, but we're SWAT. Perfect's
part of our job description.
[laughs]
Come on, man.
That's a part
that none of us live up to.
You know, the best way
to get your mind
off your own problems-- to
listen to someone else's.
You got something going on?
Not me. Street.
He's been doing way
too much lately,
but he ain't gonna want
to hear that from me.
He and Chris are pretty tight.Luca.
We've all seen the shade
you've been throwing his way.
You lived with the
kid for months, man.
And he needs his boy back.
[door closes]
Amy, your mom texted.
They're taking
an early flight back.
Yeah, I know.
This is Dr. Wendy Hughes.
She's a psychologist.Hi, Amy.
After what happened
this morning,
I thought it might be good
for the two of you to talk.
Something wrong
with the sandwich?
I'm not hungry.
You haven't eaten all day.
You think Tiffany will be okay?
I think you...I bet
she's plenty safe
with SWAT protecting her.
They're amazing.
That's right.
She'll be fine.
Just heard back
on the gun the guy dropped.
No usable prints,
serial number filed off.
Any luck on your end?
Uh, not really.
I mean, I hate the Internet now,
so I-I guess
that's progress as a person.
Look, we all notice
how you keep, uh,
volunteering for the crap
assignments, on top of manning
the armory on your off time.Still five more months
of probation.Which means you got
to be on top of your game,
not that you have
to pay some kind of penance.
That's all in the past.
In the past?Yeah, it's water
under the bridge.
So quit burning the candle at
both ends. You look exhausted.
Honestly, it's not
even the workload.
It's just not knowing where
I'm sleeping any given night.
My mom, she's still
at my old place.
And it's just more expensive
than I thought it'd be
getting a second lease.
You're talking to a couch
surfing pro here. I get it.
I stayed, uh, with my
old training officer
for a week,
but his wife
has this dog that hates me
even more than she does.[laughs]
So now I'm sleeping
in my buddy's spare room
in Santa Clarita.
Only last night,
I forgot and drove
back to Long Beach
and I didn't realize
till I was halfway there.
I had no idea.
Anyway, um, I'm
not complaining.
I'm all done with excuses.
Hello.
Captain, what's up?
Just checking in.
SARAH: Two and a half million
views on this morning's video
and over 100,000
new followers.
[chuckles] Someone should try
to kill me every week.
That's bad.
I shouldn't say that, should I?
No, you shouldn't.
[clears throat]
I'm Captain Cortez.
Captain Cortez was at the event
this morning.
She saved our lives.
Oh, cool.
Girl power.
So when can we go
to the hospital to visit
my fans that got shot?
Why? Is that gonna
get you more followers?
There a problem
or something?
Can we talk alone?
[clears throat]
Tiffany, you're a con artist.
You don't really care
about your fans.
[exhales]All they are to you
is views and followers.
Millions of teenagers
look up to you.
My niece could have gotten
killed this morning.
She's traumatized.
And for what?
'Cause she worships a version
of you that doesn't even exist.
Well, you could say the
same thing about an actor
or LeBron James.This is not a movie
or a game.
You're pretending it's
your real life, but it's not.
Even your boyfriend is fake.
Well, my fans get it.
And I bet your niece does, too.
I've been doing this since
I was 15. Did you know that?
I'm not the same person I was
when I was 15, but I have
to act like it, because
that's what the fans want.
That's the Tiffany Experience.
And, by the way,
I get comments all the time
from fans telling me
watching myvideos
keeps them from
slitting their wrists.
So, maybe I'm not a completely
terrible person after all.
You could be so much more.
Captain, we need you.
It's too fuzzy for
facial recognition
but matches the
witness descriptions.
I saw him only from the back,
but the clothes look right.
WENDY:
I zeroed in on eight
of the possible witnesses
based on the weirdo files
that Sarah gave us--
men whose posts
and messages to Tiffany
showed the obsession
and recklessness
that we are looking for.
And we got a match.
Pete Delkis.
Multiple recent addresses all
in the Woodland
Hills-Canoga Park area,
including his
parents' house.Nice job.
It looks like he has priors.Criminal stalking
and unlawful discharge
of a weapon.
Wasn't hard for me
to single him out.
Those are felonies. He shouldn't
have access to a gun.
Well, if we're lucky,
it's the only one he had.
But I'm not counting on it.
All right, let's tac up. With
this many addresses, we can't do
no-knock entries.
Luca.Yes, sir.
Your driving privileges
have been reinstated.
What?Street found a video
of the accident. It confirms
your version of events.
I had to run it up
the chain, but...
you're good to go, pal.
Congratulations.
Bury the lede, dude.Glad I could help, man.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Chris.
Hand 'em over.What?
Keys.
[chuckles]
It's LAPD!
Open the door!
MIKE: Hold your badge up
to the peephole, please.
[camera clicks]
Mike Delkis?
Yes.
May we come in?
A photo
of your badge
has been uploaded
to my cloud storage, Officer.
We're looking for your
son, Pete. Is he here?
No idea, Officer.
I don't need
to cooperate with you.
Do you have guns
in the house?I do.
It's America still,
isn't it?Are they in a safe?
Pete's got priors.
He's not supposed to have
access to any firearms.
You trying to use
my son's arrests as an excuse
to confiscate
my legally purchased guns?
Pete shot a person
this morning, Mike.
And it was likely
one of your guns.
That's impossible.
You own a .45?Desk drawer.
HONDO:
Don't worry.
He lost it hopping a fence.
You got any more in the house?
Yeah, 9-mil.
Nightstand by my bed.
What good do they do me
in a safe?
Somebody breaks in,
am I supposed to run
to my closet, turn the dial back
and forth while he kills me?
Strike two.
Copy that. He's still on
the loose, and he's still armed.
Well, that's comforting.
At least Tiffany's safe here.
But as long as Pete is free,
he's a danger.
We just don't know
to who else.
All of his posts
on Tiffany's vlogs
are all about Tiffany herself.
He thinks that they're
meant to be together,
that only he's
good enough for her.
He calls everyone on her videos
sponges, imbeciles,
a lot worse.
Everyone in her videos?
Like her sister, Sarah?
She was at the event
Pete shot up this morning.
And she was at the condo
where Pete showed up there.
Maybe Pete's
not after Tiffany.
He could be after the people he
thinks are keeping him from her.
Sarah, JD, the fake boyfriend.
[quietly]:
Check it out, bro.
[enthusiastically]:
[laughs]
My bad, bro. Should've warned
you not to stand there!
[garage door opening]
Dahlia?
Who's Dahlia?
Who are you?
How'd you get in here?
When you vlog outside,
sometimes you use
the keypad to
close the garage.
I had to watch about a
hundred of them to piece
the code together.
Y-You what?
Wait, did Marty send you?
[clicks tongue]
Prank war is over, Marty!
Who's Dahlia?
Are you cheating on Tiffany?
[chuckles] You must have
the IQ of a six-year-old
and you're cheating on her?
Uh, hey, look,
I-I love my fans, bro,
but, uh, this is trespassing,
all right?
Uh...
You're the guy
from this morning.
Look, Tiff's not here, man!
Well, that's too bad.
I wish she could see
the way you're cowering,
betraying your beta male traits.
We're not even really dating
in real life.
[phone chiming]Okay, that's just
for the followers, I swear!
Police are at my house.
Uh, um, maybe
I can help you out.
I don't really carry cash
on me or anything.
[exhales]
He's dead.Left side clear.
Right side clear.
May not mean anything,
but doesn't look
like his phone is on him.
I'm guessing that's not
something you usually say
about this guy.Captain,
we've got a problem.
Here to yell at me again?
Where are Sarah and JD?
Why?
Because we think the
shooter is targeting them.
[chuckles]:
For what reason?
Tiffany, where are they?
The shuttle.
The Tiffany Experience
party shuttle.
You said you'd shut down your
events until we found this guy.
Yeah, but...
he's after me, and I'm right
here, where you told me to be.
Plus, I'm trending
like crazy right now,
and Tristan texted
Sarah with this hot idea
for me to throw a pop-up
shuttle in my honor.
And he's gonna make
a surprise appearance.
Tiffany,
Tristan didn't send that text.
He's dead.
[helicopter whirring]
Hello, Tiffany fans.
Uh, Tiffany's not
here right now.
I'm Pete. JD's here, too.
JD?
[exhales]
I wasn't planning on things
turning out this way,
but I know some of you
will understand.
I know you understand, Tiffany,
why I had to kill Tristan.
It's too late for me,
but I'm gonna make sure
that the next real man
who truly deserves you
won't be taken away from you
by beta-male sponges
and bitch gatekeepers.
[sirens wailing]
Where's CHP
with that spike strip?
Best they can promise
is the Roscoe intersection.
That's four miles out.
Captain, this guy's hot.
Is there any way
they can move it up
a few streets?
Working on it.
CHRIS:
Even if we get it stopped,
the tint on that thing
is too dark
to get a clean shot.We might be able
to sneak someone in through
the rear luggage compartment.
Whatever our entry point is,
as long as he's live-streaming,
we'll know
exactly where he is
on the shuttle.And which way he's looking.
With enough time,
we can get someone in there
while he's distracted.
All right, I like it, but if
we don't stop this thing soon,
it's not gonna matter.
I see some of you
are asking me why I'm
live-streaming this right now.
Why not just kill these two
like I did Tristan? Okay.
Over 200,000 viewers
and climbing. Over 200,000
of you get to hear directly
from me why I have to do this.
And then when I get
to a million...
What is it that-that
Tiffany always says?
She says,
"You know you've made it
when you get a million views."
Please, is there anything...
Just stay out of the way.
I wanted to get
those million with you, Tiff.
I did.
But at least I'm going
to make it. Right?
So come on, Tiffany fans,
let's rally, let's do this.
As soon as we get to a million,
you're gonna see these leeches
get what they deserve.
He's waiting for a million
viewers before he shoots them.
HONDO: Captain, if we shut down
his live stream,
he might start killing them
right then and there.
A million viewers. That-that
should give us enough time.
No one with a conscience
is gonna tune in now.
Hondo.
It's climbing faster.
No.
A lot faster.
We're not gonna make it
to that spike strip
before he pulls the trigger.
[sirens wailing]
Over 700,000 viewers
on Pete's live stream now.
If we don't get to that
shuttle before he hits
a million, those
hostages are dead.
Does CHP have any cars in
the area with a mobile spike?
On its way
but it's ten minutes out.
He's gonna hit a million
way before that.
Can they PIT maneuver
something that big?
No way, not with a cruiser.
Black Betty could.
Hey, Luca.You read my mind.
You sure this thing's
nimble enough?I'm gonna make it nimble enough.
It's dangerous.You see any other options?
All right, Tan.
We got to time this
to when Pete's gun
is turned away from Sarah.
Captain, tell CHP
to make room for us
at the front of that convoy.
Good to have you back
in that hot seat, Luca.
You know, I personally
handed you my audition packet
three months ago.SARAH: Sor-- I'm sorry.
We-we get so many. It probably
just got lost, that's all.
You can't trick me,
Sarah. Okay?
Maybe you can fool soy-faced
cucks like JD here,
but not me, all right?
I tried to give the packet
to you, Tiff,
but, well, Sarah said
I had to wait
in the back of the line all day,
and then when
I finally got there,
she ended the meet and greet
before I could see you.
How convenient.
Wait.
PETE:
Almost there.
Go, Luca![tires screeching]
Get in the back.
Chris, you're with me.
Tan, we need a window.
Let us know which one.
Keep videoing. If the police
try to come in here,
I'm gonna kill these two
right away.
Deac, be ready to port
the window.
Wait for my enter command.
Where they at, Tan?Side window.
Hostages in the rear.
Chris, move. Street, move.
5,000 viewers away.
Chris, you good?I'm good.
[grunts]
All right, here we go.
Three. Two. Now.
Go! Go!
STREET:
Clear right!
[crying]
Suspect's down.
Both hostages safe.
[sighs]
Did you get the guy?
We got him.
And it looks like you got
your appetite back.
WENDY:
We ordered pizza.
Hope you don't mind.
Thank you for staying with her.
No, thank you.
It was my pleasure.
I've been dealing with
an empty nest lately
since my twin girls went off
to college.
Where did they end up going?
Middlebury and Colgate.
So far away.
I really miss them, so...
Thank you for making
my day, Amy.
Thanks.You're welcome.
Tiffany's still here, you know.
Maybe she'll do
a video with you.
I bet you'd get more viewers
than that girl at your school.
I don't know.
Reconsidering
the vlogging career?
I just think
I might want to talk
about more important stuff...
after today, you know.
I was thinking maybe I could do
one with you, actually.
If you're okay with that.
Hey, Street.
Hey, yo, some fancy
driving today.
Wait up.
Yeah, thanks to you.
Hey, so, you know, what we
were talking about earlier--
water under the
bridge and all that.
Look, everyone
was pissed at me.
For good reason.
I get it.No, I wasn't pissed.
Look, okay, yeah,
I was pissed.
But that's not why I was
so hard on you in the academy.
Okay, you might
think because of
who my dad and my granddad were,
that they were in SWAT,
that I was a shoo-in.
But the truth is
that the instructors
were harder on me
than anyone else.
Okay, they didn't
want anybody in SWAT
because of who their dad was.
So they needed to see that I
wanted it more than anyone else.
That's what I needed
to see from you.
I appreciate
the second chance, man.
So we gonna bunk together
again or what, man?
I mean, look, I got this new
house in East Hollywood, right.
I'm still fixing it up.
It's a two bedroom;
I'm only using one.
You helped me out
when I needed a place,
so just don't say no, man.
Come on, just...Stop. Stop.
You had me at...
whatever the first word
in that sentence was.
[both laugh]
About our conversation
last night...
For something you don't
want to think about,
you sure keep
bringing it up.
I just want you to know
I'm grateful.
And I don't mean
paying for that lamp.
I mean for the way
you handled it when it happened.
The fact that you don't look
at me any different after that.
Hondo, you have nothing
to be ashamed of.
Listen, my ex-husband
has a lot of issues.
Hmm. Oh, I noticed.
[chuckles]
But issues only
become problems
when you refuse to accept
you have them, like he does.
Or when you refuse
to acknowledge
the fact that
you're not perfect.
You've got weaknesses
like everybody else.
You know,
there's a guy on my team
who was letting old business
screw up a friendship,
and I said something similar
to him.
Sounds like you just need to
take your own advice, then.
Hmm.
Acknowledge the issue.
Accept the issue.
Is there another "A"
you want to throw in there?
[both laugh]
How about "address"
the issue?
That anger I saw in Tucson
was not just about that
ass of a traffic cop.
There's no way that one guy
got you wound up like that.
There has to be more...
that's been built up.
But you got it out of
your system for now.
So now it's just about keeping
it out of your system.
Yeah.
I hope you're right.
Of course I am.
That was all over my
feed today. That was you?
And the rest
of my team, yeah.
Just a day in
the life, huh?
It was crazy.
It can be.
Or it can be just sitting around
all day
waiting in HQ for a call.
Yeah, a lot like my job.
Yeah, I hear painting's
dangerous work.
I mean, those fumes can
be so toxic, you know.
Oh, my God.
[laughs] Uh, all right.
So, you obviously didn't come
here for my amazing jokes.
Mm-mm.
I, um...
I've been thinking
a lot about this today,
and-and the truth is,
I-I already knew
I wanted to do this,
but I was worried about
what people would think.
Actually, I had to deal
with that today
with a member of my team.
And how'd it go?
Actually, it was... it was fine.
People are surprisingly tolerant
when you give them a chance.
He did make
one good point though.
The two of you,
you guys are getting married.
You both are entering a lifelong
commitment with each other.
It makes it really hard
not to think of my position
as just temporary.
Yes, we are
getting married.
But if we start
a relationship with you,
you will be an equal part
in that new relationship.
TY:
And it's better this way,
don't you think?
I mean, this way
you don't have to worry
about your relationship
with each of us separately.
There's just one question:
how do you mesh with the two
of us as a unit?
♪ There are things
♪ That I would never say or do
♪ There are things...
I think... [laughs]
I think I'm ready to mesh.
♪ There are things that I would
never say or do ♪
♪ There are things
that make me ♪
♪ Want to stick
to you like glue. ♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org